docs/pages/multichain-orchestration/sca.mdx, before:

# Orchestration with Smart Accounts
Executing orchestration flows with smart accounts is the most powerful way of 
leveraging the orchestration flows. This means that the user funds are already
in the Nexus _multichain smart account_ before starting orchestration. 

Some of the core benefits of using the smart account based orchestration:

- **Chain Abstraction / Unified Balances** <br/>
Since the orchestration validator has access to an instance of a smart account 
across multiple chains, it's able to trigger multiple chains at once to bridge
one or more tokens to a desired destination chain. 

- **Multi-Chain Gas** <br/>
When using smart account based orchestration, users can pay for execution with
native tokens or ERC20 tokens across any supported chain. 

The key drawback of the smart account based orchestration is that the user must
first _deposit_ their funds to the Smart Account - creating onboarding friction.

## Guide

In order to run multi-chain orchestration, you need to execute the following 
steps:

:::steps
#### Initialize the multichain (or single chain) smart account
Create an instance of the `MultichainSmartAccount` object in your 
code. You can do this by calling the `toMultichainNexusAccount` function. 

```ts
const oNexus = await toMultichainNexusAccount({
  signer: eoa,
  chains: [optimism, base],
  transports: [http(), http()]
});
```
#### Create a connection to the Modular Execution Environment (MEE)
Initialize an `MEE Client` which will create the connection to an
MEE Node. The default connection is to the [Biconomy Network](https://blog.biconomy.io/launching-biconomy-network-the-application-layer-to-make-a-thousand-chains-feel-like-one-2/).

```ts
const meeClient = await createMeeClient({ account: oNexus });
```

#### Encode the orchestration instructions
The instructions are an array of EVM `[to, value, data]` tuples. For this
example, we'll just encode empty calls to `0x0000...`

```ts
const optimismCall = await oNexus.build({
  type: "default",
  data: {
    chainId: optimism.id,
    calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
  },
});

const baseCall = await oNexus.build({
  type: "default",
  data: {
    chainId: base.id,
    calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
  },
});
```

#### Choose how you want to pay for the orchestration fee
One of the key features of the Biconomy stack is the ability to pay for the 
execution of all instructions across all chains with a single token on a
single chain. 

Simply put the token address (or `0x0000...`) for native token and the 
chainId.  

```ts
const feeToken = { 
  address: zeroAddress, 
  chainId: optimism.id 
}
```

#### Get the execution quote
Call the `getQuote` function which will send your instructions to the 
modular execution environment. The reponse will contain two crucial 
pieces of info - quoted fee for the orchestration and the hash of 
all the instructions. 

```ts
const quote = await meeClient.getQuote({
    feeToken: { address: zeroAddress, chainId: optimism.id },
    instructions: [optimismCall, baseCall],
})
```

#### Accept the quoted execution fee and execute
If you're okay with the quoted execution cost, you can call `executeQuote`
which will get the user to sign the execution and start executing the 
flow:

```ts
const { hash } = await meeClient.executeQuote({
    quote
})
```
:::



## Code Example

```ts
import {
  createMeeClient,
  toMultichainNexusAccount
} from "@biconomy/abstractjs";
import { http, zeroAddress } from "viem";
import { privateKeyToAccount } from "viem/accounts";
import { base, optimism } from "viem/chains";

const main = async () => {
  // Setup EOA and Nexus account
  const eoa = privateKeyToAccount("0x3e478f4e7c4be62e616d4b347de5431a4a6774899db4a72702b58e0cb92a1e00");
  const oNexus = await toMultichainNexusAccount({
    signer: eoa,
    chains: [optimism, base],
    transports: [http(), http()]
  });
  const meeClient = await createMeeClient({ account: oNexus });

  // Create empty calls on each chain
  const optimismCall = await oNexus.build({
    type: "default",
    data: {
      chainId: optimism.id,
      calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
    },
  });

  const baseCall = await oNexus.build({
    type: "default",
    data: {
      chainId: base.id,
      calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
    },
  });

  // Execute both calls (pays fees with ETH on Optimism)
  const { hash } = await meeClient.execute({
    feeToken: { address: zeroAddress, chainId: optimism.id },
    instructions: [optimismCall, baseCall],
  });

  // Wait for completion
  const receipt = await meeClient.waitForSupertransactionReceipt({ hash });
  console.log(`Completed: ${hash}`);
};

main().catch(console.error);
```

Commit message:

update docs to work with 120 accounts

docs/pages/multichain-orchestration/sca.mdx, after:

# Orchestration with Smart Accounts
Executing orchestration flows with smart accounts is the most powerful way of 
leveraging the orchestration flows. This means that the user funds are already
in the Nexus _multichain smart account_ before starting orchestration. 

### Key Benefits of Smart Account Based Orchestration

- **Chain Abstraction / Unified Balances** <br/>
Since the orchestration validator has access to an instance of a smart account 
across multiple chains, it's able to trigger multiple chains at once to bridge
one or more tokens to a desired destination chain. <br/> <br/>

- **Multi-Chain Gas** <br/>
When using smart account based orchestration, users can pay for execution with
native tokens or ERC20 tokens across any supported chain. <br/> <br/>

### Key Drawbacks of Smart Account Based Orchestration

- **Depositing Assets** <br/>
The users must deposit the assets into the Smart Account before using it. For users
who come from EOA wallets, this creates additional onboarding friction. <br/> <br/>

- **Fragmenting Liquidity** <br/>
Unlike EOAs, Smart Accounts are not portable and users can have multiple Smart Account
addresses across multiple apps. This means that the user balances get fragmented easily
as they interact with more apps.  <br/> <br/>

:::tip[Using EOA Based Orchestration]
The Biconomy stack supports orchestration from both Smart Accounts and EOAs. Read the 
EOA Orchestration Guide to use the EOA based system.
:::

## Guide

In order to run multi-chain orchestration, you need to execute the following 
steps:

:::steps
#### Initialize the multichain (or single chain) smart account
Create an instance of the `MultichainSmartAccount` object in your 
code. You can do this by calling the `toMultichainNexusAccount` function. 

```ts
const oNexus = await toMultichainNexusAccount({
  signer: eoa,
  chains: [optimism, base],
  transports: [http(), http()]
});
```
#### Create a connection to the Modular Execution Environment (MEE)
Initialize an `MEE Client` which will create the connection to an
MEE Node. The default connection is to the [Biconomy Network](https://blog.biconomy.io/launching-biconomy-network-the-application-layer-to-make-a-thousand-chains-feel-like-one-2/).

```ts
const meeClient = await createMeeClient({ account: oNexus });
```

#### Encode the orchestration instructions
The instructions are an array of EVM `[to, value, data]` tuples. For this
example, we'll just encode empty calls to `0x0000...`

```ts
const optimismCall = await oNexus.build({
  type: "default",
  data: {
    chainId: optimism.id,
    calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
  },
});

const baseCall = await oNexus.build({
  type: "default",
  data: {
    chainId: base.id,
    calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
  },
});
```

#### Choose how you want to pay for the orchestration fee
One of the key features of the Biconomy stack is the ability to pay for the 
execution of all instructions across all chains with a single token on a
single chain. 

Simply put the token address (or `0x0000...`) for native token and the 
chainId.  

```ts
const feeToken = { 
  address: zeroAddress, 
  chainId: optimism.id 
}
```

#### Get the execution quote
Call the `getQuote` function which will send your instructions to the 
modular execution environment. The reponse will contain two crucial 
pieces of info - quoted fee for the orchestration and the hash of 
all the instructions. 

```ts
const quote = await meeClient.getQuote({
    feeToken: { address: zeroAddress, chainId: optimism.id },
    instructions: [optimismCall, baseCall],
})
```

#### Accept the quoted execution fee and execute
If you're okay with the quoted execution cost, you can call `executeQuote`
which will get the user to sign the execution and start executing the 
flow:

```ts
const { hash } = await meeClient.executeQuote({
    quote
})
```
:::


## Code Example

```ts
import {
  createMeeClient,
  toMultichainNexusAccount
} from "@biconomy/abstractjs";
import { http, zeroAddress } from "viem";
import { privateKeyToAccount } from "viem/accounts";
import { base, optimism } from "viem/chains";

const main = async () => {
  // Setup EOA and Nexus account
  const eoa = privateKeyToAccount("0x3e478f4e7c4be62e616d4b347de5431a4a6774899db4a72702b58e0cb92a1e00");
  const oNexus = await toMultichainNexusAccount({
    signer: eoa,
    chains: [optimism, base],
    transports: [http(), http()]
  });
  const meeClient = await createMeeClient({ account: oNexus });

  // Create empty calls on each chain
  const optimismCall = await oNexus.build({
    type: "default",
    data: {
      chainId: optimism.id,
      calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
    },
  });

  const baseCall = await oNexus.build({
    type: "default",
    data: {
      chainId: base.id,
      calls: [{ to: zeroAddress, value: 0n, data: "0x" }],
    },
  });

  // Execute both calls (pays fees with ETH on Optimism)
  const { hash } = await meeClient.execute({
    feeToken: { address: zeroAddress, chainId: optimism.id },
    instructions: [optimismCall, baseCall],
  });

  // Wait for completion
  const receipt = await meeClient.waitForSupertransactionReceipt({ hash });
  console.log(`Completed: ${hash}`);
};

main().catch(console.error);
```
